FF96 Relnotes: Samesite-Lax by default (#10939)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/96/index.md

### HTTP

> - Cookies send from the same domain but using different schemes (for example http or https) are now considered to be from different sites with respect to the cookie [SameSite](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite) directive.
>   In additon cookies are assumed to implicitly set `SameSite=Lax` if the `SameSite` attribute is not specified (previously the default was `SameSite=None`), and cookies with `SameSite=None` require a secure context. ({{bug(1617609)}}).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cookies sent from the same domain but using different schemes (for example http or https) are now considered to be from different sites with respect to the cookie [SameSite](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite) directive.
  In addition, cookies are assumed to implicitly set `SameSite=Lax` if the `SameSite` attribute is not specified (previously the default was `SameSite=None`), and cookies with `SameSite=None` require a secure context. ({{bug(1617609)}}).

```
